git-track
=========
Gavin Beatty <gavinbeatty@gmail.com>

git track: a simple shell script to ease the unnecessarily complex task of
tracking a branch, i.e., setting up a local branch to track a remote one.

In other words, set up `<local_branch>` to track
`refs/remote/<remote>/<remote_branch>`

    NAME
           git-track - set up a local branch to track a remote branch
    
    SYNOPSIS
           git track [OPTIONS] [<remote>] git track [OPTIONS] -l <local_branch> -d
    
    DESCRIPTION
           A simple shell script to ease the unnecessarily complex task of
           tracking a branch.
    
    OPTIONS
           -v, --verbose
               Print the git commands before executing them.
    
           -n, --dry-run
               Don’t run any of the git commands. Only print them, as in -v.
    
           -f, --force
               Don’t do any checks on whether <local_branch> is tracking a branch
               already or that <remote_branch> exists.
    
           -r, --remote-branch <remote_branch>
               Don’t reuse <local_branch> for the remote branch and use
               <remote_branch>.
    
           -l, --local-branch <local_branch>
               The local branch that will track the remote. If none given, use
               `git symbolic-ref HEAD\`.
    
           -d, --delete
               Stop <local_branch> from tracking anything.
    
           <remote>
               The remote where the branch you want to track exists.
    
    EXIT STATUS
           0 on success and non-zero on failure.
    
    AUTHOR
           Gavin Beatty <gavinbeatty@gmail.com>
    
    RESOURCES
           Website: https://github.com/gavinbeatty/git-track
    
    REPORTING BUGS
           Please report all bugs and wishes to <gavinbeatty@gmail.com>
    
    COPYING
           git-track Copyright (C) 2010 Gavin Beatty, <gavinbeatty@gmail.com>
    
           Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the GNU General
           Public License version 3, or at your option, any later version.
           (GPLv3+)


Dependencies
------------

* sh: in POSIX
* sed: in POSIX
* git: it is very much not in POSIX.

As such, git-track should be portable across all platforms that Git supports.


License
-------

git track Copyright 2010 Gavin Beatty <gavinbeatty@gmail.com>.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You can find the GNU General Public License at:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/


Install
-------

Default prefix is `/usr/local`:

    sudo make install

Select your own prefix:

    make install prefix=~/.local

